== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.





Things you may want to cover:

* #Ruby and rails version
  2.2.1 and 4.2.2
* #System dependencies

* #Configuration

* #Database creation
  * Two database created one for the users signing up and other for saving the data of uploaded csv file.
  * Has also given secure password path to the user data model.
  * Using the SSL protection.
  * User datamodel is also validating the data for some required information. 
  * Like email should be unique,in a given format and always present, name should be present always, and password should match with confirmation.
  * While looging in it will authenticate the user before giving them an access.

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite
  * Use the command: #bundle exec rake test:models to run the test cases of models created
  *  Use the command: #bundle exec rake test to run all the test cases related to app (controller, model,view).
   

* Services 
  * You can upload the csv file, but it will only accept the file with correct header values whih are as:
     *   t.string :PurchaserName
     * ItemDescription
     * ItemPrice
     * PurchaseQuantity
     * MerchantAddress
     * MerchantName
  * else will give you a CSV error.
  * It will also validate the data given and will accept the file if none of the column is null.

* Deployment instructions
  
  * First Get the heroku login and create an app using following commands
    *heroku create
  * Git add and commit
  * Deploy to the server